added disjoint smart graph documentation to release notes api changes (#427)
arangodb/docs: 3.7/release-notes-api-changes37.md

definition of a single graph at `/_api/gharial/{graph}` will include an
additional boolean attribute called `isSatellite`.

> The REST API endpoint for creating a graph at POST `/_api/gharial` accepts now a
> new boolean parameter called `isDisjoint` to be able to the newly introduced
> graph type: **Disjoint Smart Graph**. The `isDisjoint` parameter is an additional
> parameter strongly related to a **Smart Graph**. Setting the value to `true`,
> will create a **Disjoint Smart Graph** instead of a **Smart Graph**. Setting it
> to false or not providing any value will create **Smart Graph** as before.
> Additionally, the REST API endpoint for reading the graph definitions of all
> graphs at GET `GET /_api/gharial` or a graph definition of a single graph at
> `/_api/gharial/{graph}` will include an additional boolean attribute called
> `isDisjoint` in case of a **Disjoint Smart Graph** being found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The REST API endpoint for creating a graph at POST `/_api/gharial` accepts a
new boolean parameter `isDisjoint`. In combination with `smartGraphAttribute`
it allows to create the newly introduced graph type **Disjoint SmartGraph**.
`isDisjoint` defaults to `false`, which will create a regular **SmartGraph**.
Additionally, the REST API endpoint for reading the graph definitions of all
graphs at GET `/_api/gharial` or a graph definition of a single graph at
GET `/_api/gharial/{graph}` will include an additional boolean attribute
called `isDisjoint` in case of **Disjoint SmartGraphs**.
```
